THESIS NT1:
  Strongest reject (cite prior art / missing baseline): The B×P=K relationship is ultimately a driver implementation detail — NVIDIA could change cuMemSetAccess descriptor limits in any driver release, making the "law" an empirical snapshot rather than a durable characterization. More critically, no paper is cited showing real serving workloads actually hit this ceiling at production concurrency levels. If typical deployments operate at branches << K/prefix_pages, the wall is academic. The CUDA driver API documentation already exposes cuMemSetAccess limits (poorly), so the contribution is careful measurement of a known API constraint, not discovery of an unknown one.
  Strongest accept (cite a measured number above): B×P constant to 1% across 4 prefix sizes (1/3/6/12 GiB → 1021/339/169/84 branches) is a clean, reproducible empirical result with predictive power. The forensic attribution to cuMemSetAccess (not vm.max_map_count, as Lab 1's VMA=392 vs sysctl 67M proves) corrects a community-wide misattribution and has immediate engineering value for anyone sizing VMM-backed KV deployments.
  Is it genuinely distinct from the 6 dead theses? (YES/NO + why): YES — dead theses were performance claims (kernel speedup, 14x capacity) and mechanism proposals (OS-CoW, EDMM-as-novel-VMM). This is a resource-ceiling characterization with a predictive formula. No overlap.
  Anti-FlashInfer test (matters if FlashInfer infinitely fast? YES/NO): YES — the mapping-budget wall is a VMM descriptor limit, orthogonal to attention kernel speed. Infinitely fast FlashInfer still hits K.
  30-day buildable to submission-grade? (YES/NO): YES conditionally — the H100 sweep is straightforward; MI350X/ROCm sweep depends on hardware access and whether AMD's VA management exposes an analogous K. If cross-vendor fails to show a clean constant, the thesis weakens to single-vendor characterization (harder to publish at top venues).
  VERDICT: YELLOW

THESIS NT2:
  Strongest reject (cite prior art / missing baseline): Continuum (2511.02230) already identifies that tool-call injection disrupts prefix locality and proposes scheduling around it. The superlinear penalty (1.38x@4K → 5.41x@32K) is arguably expected: a mid-sequence hash break forces recomputation proportional to the suffix length, which grows with total context — that's a consequence of contiguous hashing, not a surprising law. SGLang's RadixAttention already partially addresses this via tree-structured (non-contiguous) prefix matching. The "segmented hash" repair is unimplemented; without a measured penalty collapse, the thesis is half characterization, half promissory note. The 2.06x MI350X number is a single data point, not a scaling curve.
  Strongest accept (cite a measured number above): The 1.38x→5.41x superlinear scaling measured across TWO frameworks (vLLM AND SGLang) plus cross-vendor (MI350X 2.06x) establishes this as a structural property, not a framework bug. The layout sensitivity trio (1.01x/4.57x/7.93x from P1.1) shows the penalty depends on WHERE injection occurs, not just WHETHER — that's mechanistic insight Continuum doesn't provide.
  Is it genuinely distinct from the 6 dead theses? (YES/NO + why): YES — no dead thesis addressed prefix caching. The checkpoint-protocol thesis was about model checkpointing, not KV prefix hashing.
  Anti-FlashInfer test (matters if FlashInfer infinitely fast? YES/NO): YES — the penalty is in the prefix-cache hash lookup and recomputation scheduling, not in the attention kernel itself. Infinitely fast attention still recomputes the full broken suffix.
  30-day buildable to submission-grade? (YES/NO): NO without caveats — the characterization is done, but the segmented-hash repair implementation in vLLM is non-trivial (touches the scheduler, block manager, and hash computation). 30 days is tight for implementation + measurement + paper. The scaling law alone (without the fix) is thin for a top venue.
  VERDICT: YELLOW

THESIS NT3:
  Strongest reject (cite prior art / missing baseline): The critical missing baseline is E1 — proving vAttention CANNOT express write-after-share. vAttention already uses cuMemMap for KV cache management; adding a cuMemMap swap to mutate a page under a stable VA is a few lines of code, not a fundamental capability gap. The "attention-visible page substitution" property (3,381→50.8M output change on page swap) is inherent to how virtual memory works — it's not a novel primitive, it's what VM does by definition. The downstream applications (KV compression-by-remap, context forgetting) are entirely speculative with zero measured results. Metric 5c (1 page copied, refcount 4→3) describes standard CoW mechanics at the GPU-MMU level — the novelty claim rests on the application context (attention), not the mechanism.
  Strongest accept (cite a measured number above): P0.2's 3,381→50.8M attention output delta with a stable tensor pointer is a clean, irrefutable demonstration that GPU-MMU remapping is a first-class attention-state mutation channel. Combined with ~0% attention overhead (Metric 3), this is a zero-cost primitive. Metric 5c's exactly-1-page CoW with byte-identical siblings is precise forensics establishing the granularity and correctness of the write-after-share semantics.
  Is it genuinely distinct from the 6 dead theses? (YES/NO + why): YES — the dead OS-CoW thesis was about OS-level copy-on-write (fork(2) semantics); this is GPU-MMU-level write-after-share via cuMemMap, a different layer with different semantics (explicit remap vs implicit CoW). The dead EDMM-as-novel-VMM thesis was about claiming novelty for VMM usage itself; this thesis claims novelty for the attention-visible mutation primitive, not the VMM.
  Anti-FlashInfer test (matters if FlashInfer infinitely fast? YES/NO): YES — the primitive is about memory-layer state mutation, not attention computation. FlashInfer speed is irrelevant to whether a page swap changes attention output.
  30-day buildable to submission-grade? (YES/NO): YES if E1 succeeds — the ForkedKV vs vAttention branch-and-edit comparison is implementable. The two downstream demos (compression-by-remap, context forgetting) each need ~1 week. The risk is entirely E1: if vAttention can trivially express write-after-share with minor modifications, the contribution collapses to "we did it first in code," which is not publishable.
  VERDICT: YELLOW

VOTES: NT1=YELLOW NT2=YELLOW NT3=YELLOW

apiKeyHelper failed: exited 1: W0530 03:21:31.601538 1934066 IdentityUtil.cpp:522] The preferred certificate file is missing or corrupt: 
No valid tokens to serialize
No CATs were created